meanwhile Israel says it's restoring
water supply to the southern areas but
that's being disputed by Aid agencies TK
Abu aom has more from
Gaza according to the United Nation uh
statement that said in it uh there is no
any single drop of water has entered the
Gaza Strip uh meanwhile the Israeli
authorities claim that it will uh it had
started to uh provide Gaza Strip with
water sources Main in fact the uh the
amount of water that has been delivered
to the Gaza Strip were only to one area
which is uh in the Eastern areas of
kanun City this area is important to
mention that the houses are critically
destroyed and their citizens are
completely evacuated from these houses
so it seems that no one will get
benefits from the uh from the water that
had been supplied to that area it's also
important to mention uh that without
electricity the ability to get useful
from the water provided to the Gaza
Strip is still limited simply because
water pums inside the Gaza Strip need
fuel and electricity to be generated in
order to allow for citizens to have a
pure access for water sources in Gaza